{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg10000\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\f0\fs48 RollerCoaster Tycoon\super\'ae\nosupersub  Deluxe\par
\fs32 INSTALL GUIDE\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\sl-280\slmult0\fs28 The ReadMe File\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\b0\fs24 The\cf1  \cf0\i RollerCoaster Tycoon\super\i0\'ae \nosupersub\i Deluxe\i0  CD-ROM game has a ReadMe file where you can view both the License Agreement and updated information about the game. \cf2 We strongly encourage you to take the time to read this file in order to get the benefit of changes made after this manual went to print.\par
\cf0 To view this file, double-click on that file in the\cf1\b  \cf0\b0\i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  directory found on your hard drive (usually C:\\Program Files\\Infogrames Interactive\\\i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\b\i0 )\b0 . You can also view the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on your Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub  taskbar, then on Programs, then on Infogrames Interactive, then on \i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0 , and finally on the ReadMe file item.\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\sl-280\slmult0\b\fs28 System Requirements\par
\pard\fi-2160\li2160\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\tx2160\b0\fs24 Operating System:\tab Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub  95/98/Me/2000/XP\par
Processor:\tab Pentium\super\'ae\nosupersub  90 MHz or higher (Pentium\super\'ae\nosupersub  200 MHz recommended)\par
Memory:\tab 16 MB RAM (32 MB RAM recommended)\par
Hard Disk Space:\tab 200 MB Free\par
CD-\cf2 ROM Drive:\tab 4X Speed or faster\par
Video:\tab 1 MB Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub -compatible video card* capable of SVGA-quality graphics\par
Sound:\tab Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub -compatible sound card*\par
DirectX\super\'ae\nosupersub :\tab DirectX\super\'ae\nosupersub  version 5.0 (included) or higher\par
Controllers:\tab Keyboard and mouse\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\cf0 * \i Indicates device should be compatible with DirectX\super\'ae\nosupersub  version 5.0 or higher.\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa60\sl-400\slmult0\b\i0\caps\fs36 SETUP AND INSTALLATION\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\tx360\cf2\b0\caps0\fs24 Start Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub  95/98\cf0 /Me/2000/XP\cf2 .\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Insert the \cf0\i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  \cf2 CD-ROM game disc into your CD-ROM drive.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}If AutoPlay is enabled, a title screen should appear. If AutoPlay is not enabled, or the installation does not start automatically, click on the Start button on your Windows\cf0\super\'ae \cf2\nosupersub taskbar, then on Run. Type D:\\Setup and click on OK. \b Note:\b0  If your CD-ROM drive is assigned to a letter other than D, substitute that letter.\cf0\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Follow the remainder of the on-screen instructions to finish installing the \i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  CD-ROM game.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Once installation is complete, click on the Start button on \cf2 the Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub  taskbar and choose Programs/Infogrames Interactive/RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe/RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe to start the game.\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\b Note:\b0  You must have the \i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  game disc in\cf0  your CD-ROM drive to play.\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\sl-280\slmult0\b\fs28 Installation of DirectX\super\'ae\nosupersub\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\b0\fs24 The \i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  CD-ROM requires \cf2 DirectX\super\'ae\nosupersub  5.0 or\cf0  higher in order to run. If you do not have DirectX\cf2\super\'ae\nosupersub  5.0 or\cf0  higher installed on your computer, click \ldblquote Yes\rdblquote  when asked if you would like to install it.\par
\pard\par
\b\caps\fs32 INSTALLING ADOBE\super\'ae\nosupersub  ACROBAT\super\'ae\nosupersub  READER\super\'99\nosupersub  5.1\par
\b0\caps0\fs24 After the game installer finishes copying files to your hard drive, you may wish to install Adobe\super\'ae\nosupersub  Acrobat\super\'ae\nosupersub  Reader\super\'99\nosupersub  5.1. This program is needed to read the electronic game manual.\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\par
\b Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.1 requires the following:\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Pentium\super\'ae\nosupersub -class processor\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft\super\'ae\nosupersub  Windows 98 Second Edition, Windows Millennium Edition, Windows NT 4.0 with Service Pack 5 or 6 (Service Pack 6 recommended), Windows 2000, Windows XP Professional or Home Edition\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 64 MB of RAM\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 30 MB of available hard disk space (an additional 60 MB is needed temporarily during installation)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Additional 70 MB of hard-disk space for Asian fonts (optional)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Web browser support. The Web browsers within which Adobe PDF files may be viewed are:\par
\pard\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\tx360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internet Explorer 5.0 to 6.0\par
\pard\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Netscape Navigator 4.5 to 4.77, 6.1\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 America Online 6.0\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\par
To install Acrobat Reader, double-click on the icon labeled \b My Computer\b0 . Then right-click the icon for your CD-ROM drive (which is usually D:) and choose \b Explore\b0  from the pop-up menu. If the AutoPlay menu is visible, you may simply explore the CD by clicking on the \b Explore CD\b0  button. Double-click the \b Manual \b0 folder. Then double-click the \b AcroReader51_ENU.exe\b0  file to install Acrobat Reader. Click the \b Finish\b0  button to exit the Acrobat Reader installer.\par
\par
\pard\b\caps\fs32\page VIEWING THE ELECTRONIC GAME MANUAL\par
\b0\caps0\fs24 The instruction manual for the \i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  game has been placed on the game CD-ROM in Adobe Acrobat Reader format. Use Acrobat Reader to read and print the documentation.\par
\f2\par
\b\f0 Viewing and Printing the Electronic Game Manual\par
\b0 To read the game manual: \par
\f2\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\f0 Insert the \i RollerCoaster Tycoon Deluxe\i0  disc into your CD-ROM drive.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Close the program window if the AutoPlay window appears.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Double-click on the icon labeled \b My Computer\b0 . Then right-click the icon for your CD-ROM drive (which is usually D:) and choose \b Explore\b0  from the pop-up menu. Next double-click on the \b Manual\b0  folder and then double-click on the \b RCTDeluxe.pdf\b0  file to view the manual.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\f2\par
\f0{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}To print the game manual, select \ldblquote Print\rdblquote  from the File menu. Choose the pages you wish to print and press the OK button.\par
\f2{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\par
\b\f0{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Acrobat Help File\par
\b0{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}For more instruction on using Acrobat Reader, you can read the help file that comes with the program. Select \ldblquote Reader Guide\rdblquote  from the Help menu.\par
\f2{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\par
\b\f0{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Other Acrobat Tips\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0 You can move through a document one page at a time by pressing the \cf3\b RIGHT ARROW\cf0\b0  key to advance to the next page or the \cf3\b LEFT ARROW\cf0\b0  key to back up one page.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360 You can move through a document one screen at a time by pressing the \cf3\b PAGE DOWN\cf0\b0  key to scroll down one screen or the \cf3\b PAGE UP\cf0\b0  key to scroll up one screen.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360 To increase text visibility, click on the magnifying glass in the toolbar.\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa60\sl-400\slmult0\b\caps\fs36 TECHNICAL SUPPORT (U.S. & \caps0 Canada\caps )\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\sl-280\slmult0\caps0\fs28 Help Via the Internet\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\b0\fs24 Up-to-the-minute technical information about \cf2 Infogrames Interactive\cf0  products is generally available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via the Internet at:\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\qc\b http://www.ina-support.com\cf2\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\cf0\b0 Through this site you\rquote ll have access to our \b FAQ\b0  (Frequently Asked Questions) documents, our \b FTP \b0 (File Transfer Protocol) area where you can download patches if needed, our \b Hints/Cheat Codes\b0  if they\rquote re available, and an \b E-Mail\b0  area where you can get help and ask questions if you do not find your answers within the \b FAQ\b0 .\b\par
Note:\b0  In the event we must send you a Hint Sheet, FAQ document, patch or update disc via E-mail, we may require verifiable consent from a parent or guardian in order to protect children\rquote s privacy and safety online. Consent Forms are available at the web site listed above.\b\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\sl-280\slmult0\fs28 Help Via Telephone/Fax or Mail in the United States & Canada\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\b0\fs24 For phone assistance, call Infogrames Interactive \b Tech Support \b0 at \cf2\b (425) 951-7108\cf0\b0 . Our \b Interactive Voice Response\b0  and \b Faxback\b0  system is generally available 24/7, providing automated support\b  \b0 and allowing\b  \b0 FAQ documents to be faxed to you immediately.\par
\cf2 Great News! We\rquote ve improved our Automated Systems so that you can get product-specific Troubleshooting help more quickly. All you need to do is enter the product\rquote s \b Part #\b0  when prompted to do so. This will take you directly to all of our known issues and solutions for this title. The product\rquote s \b Part #\b0  is located in several places (on the CD label, package and/or plastic disc case) and is usually identified by a number such as \b 04-12345\b0 . When prompted by the Automated System, enter the\b  last five digits \b0 of your product\rquote s Part #. (For example, Part # 04-12345\b  \b0 would require that you enter the \ldblquote 12345\rdblquote  portion of the number for that product.) \b Note:\b0  Some products simply feature a five-digit Part # without an \ldblquote 04-\rdblquote  prefix.\par
\cf0 Live support is generally available Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM until 6:00 PM (Pacific Time). \b Note:\b0  We may be closed on major holidays.\par
Before making your call, we ask that you be at your computer, have the following information available, and be ready to take notes:\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\tx360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 System Make and Model\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Processor Type\par
\cf2\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Operating System, including version number if possible (such as Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub  98; Windows\super\'ae\nosupersub  Me)\par
\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 RAM (Memory)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Video and sound card data and drivers\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Any screen or error messages you\rquote ve encountered (and where)\par
\pard You may also fax in your Technical Support questions or problems to: \cf2\b (425) 806-0480\cf0\b0 , or write to the address below.\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\sl-280\slmult0\b\fs28 Product Return Procedures in the United States & Canada\par
\pard\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\b0\fs24 In the event our technicians at\b  (425) 951-7108\b0  determine that you need to forward materials directly to us, please include a brief letter explaining what is enclosed and why. Make sure you include the Return Merchandise Authorization Number (RMA#) supplied to you by the technician, and your telephone number in case we need to call you. Any materials not containing this RMA# will be returned to you unprocessed. Send your materials to the following address:\par
\pard\li3600\sa120\sl-240\slmult0 Infogrames Interactive, Inc.\par
Attn: TS/CS Dept.\par
13110 NE 177\super th\nosupersub  Place\par
Suite # B101, Box 180\par
Woodinville, WA 98072-9965\par
RMA #:\par
}
 